Add note about `params` hash in Action Controller Overview [ci skip] (#50785)
rails/rails: guides/source/action_controller_overview.md

end
```

> NOTE: `params` hash is not a plain old Hash; instead, it is [`ActionController::Parameters`][] object. While it behaves like Hash, it does not inherit from Hash class.

Reviewer: In the getting started guide we capitalize hash in "`params` Hash".

```suggestion
NOTE: The `params` Hash is not a plain old Ruby Hash; instead, it is an [`ActionController::Parameters`][] object. While it behaves like Hash, it does not inherit from Hash.
```

Reviewer 2: There are five other examples of "`params` hash" in this guide already, though.

Reviewer: Ah, missed those while grepping. It seems "`params` hash" is more common.

Reviewer: @JunichiIto Could you add the missing articles (`The` and `an`)?

Author: @p8 I added your suggestion to batch. Is it okay?

Reviewer: Thanks @JunichiIto !
Can you squash your commits?

Author: @p8 Sure. I squashed and pushed my commit.
